Okay.
So now let's create our job listings component.
I'm going to create that within my job results directory, but not within the job filter sidebar directory.
So right here I'll click on that top level one and I will create my job listings dot view component.
That will be the box on the right hand side with the actual job listings themselves.
So our directory structure looks like this currently.
All right, so in this component, we'll create our template.
And this is going to be the main section or the primary focus that we want to show to the user.
So instead of using a div, I'm going to use the main tag which represents the main content or the body
of the document or the application.
The primary place where we want the user to focus on this page is the listings themselves, so it makes
sense to render this in a main tag.
But functionally it works just like a div.
It's a container for other elements.
So I will create a main element right here and I'll just write job listings component so we can easily
identify it.
And as always, we will add a script section and export default, an object with a name property.
I'm going to call it job listings and then let's provide a line break right here pretty easy.
And then we're going to render alongside our job filter sidebar component in our job results view.
So let's head to our job results view component.
We're rendering that as our top level parent on the slash jobs slash results route.
And here we can import that new component.
So we'll import our job listings component from source directory components, job results and it's going
to be right in here.
Job listings dot view.
We will register it in our components object below.
And then, of course, all that's left to do is render it immediately after the job.
Dr. Sidebar We will of course, organize these two components so they render side by side.
When we apply the CC in an upcoming lesson.
But for now we can make a single job listings self-closing component.
Save that head to our browser.
And there we go.
We have our job builder sidebar and our job listings component is rendering right after it.
And if I expand my job results view, you can see that that top level view component is rendering the
two child components right here, the sidebar and the job listings.
All right.
So those are going to be basically our starting point.
This is a good place to start styling our system and arranging these two components to live side by
side with one another.
We'll start working on that in the very next lesson.